Adding how to use deployment output info to README (#11148)
microsoft/azure-pipelines-tasks: Tasks/AzureResourceGroupDeploymentV2/README.md

 
 * **Deployment Mode**: This specifies the [deployment mode](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-deploy) in which the Azure resources specified in the template have to be deployed. Incremental mode handles deployments as incremental updates to the resource group . It leaves unchanged resources that exist in the resource group but are not specified in the template. Complete mode deletes resources that are not in your template. [Validate mode](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dn790547.aspx) enables you to find syntactical problems with the template before creating actual resources. By default, incremental mode is used. 
 
 ### Deployment Outputs:

>   It is the output of the deployment object created using Azure Resource Manager templates which can be used in the subsequent tasks like Powershell and Azure CLI.

Reviewer: Re-word to "[Outputs](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/resource-group-authoring-templates#outputs) created by Azure Resource Manager template deployment. It can be used in subsequent tasks (like Azure Powershell or Azure CLI) for further processing."

Author: Done

 **How to use Deployment output**

>   The deployment output can be parsed to JSON object using "ConvertFrom-Json" PowerShell cmdlet in Poweshell task and then that object can be used in other tasks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The deployment output can be parsed to JSON object using "ConvertFrom-Json" PowerShell cmdlet in Azure Poweshell task and then that object can be used in same task or subsequent tasks.
```

  Example:
  ```
  $var=ConvertFrom-Json '$(storageAccountName)'
  $value=$var.storageAccountName.value

>   Write-Host "##vso[task.setvariable variable=value;]$value"

Reviewer: Write-Host "##vso[task.setvariable variable=storageAccount;]$value"

Author: done

  ```

>   On linux agent if you want to use deployment output in Azure CLI task, you can avoid extra Powershell task by adding double quotes to convert it to valid JSON. This is needed because Azure CLI task on linux uses bash and the bash removes the double quotes of JSON string making it invalid JSON.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  On linux based agents, same technique of Powershell task can be used to create a JSON variable. However, if you want to avoid Powershell task, you can use a script similar to below which converts the Outputs to valid JSON by adding double quotes.
```

  Example:
  ```

>   var=`echo "$(storageAccountName)" |  sed -e 's/}/"\n}/g'  |   sed -e 's/{/{\n"/g' |   sed -e 's/:/":"/g'  |   sed -e 's/,/",\n"/g'  |   sed -e 's/"}/}/g'  |   sed -e 's/}"/}/g'  |   sed -e 's/"{/{/g'  | sed -e 's/\[/\[\n"/g'  | sed -e 's/]/"\n]/g'  | sed -e 's/"\[/\[/g' | sed -e 's/]"/]/g'`

Reviewer: pretty please

Author: done

 
 * **Deployment Mode**: This specifies the [deployment mode](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/articles/resource-group-template-deploy) in which the Azure resources specified in the template have to be deployed. Incremental mode handles deployments as incremental updates to the resource group . It leaves unchanged resources that exist in the resource group but are not specified in the template. Complete mode deletes resources that are not in your template. [Validate mode](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/azure/dn790547.aspx) enables you to find syntactical problems with the template before creating actual resources. By default, incremental mode is used. 
 

>  ### Deployment Outputs:

Reviewer: please add a link to this section in task.json input helptext
